Great job.
You've learned some key spreadsheet skills for manipulating data.
You've learned how to create cell formulas using text and math functions.
You've learned to perform some key data operations in spreadsheets.
You know how to clean data by eliminating duplicate rows and how to split columns.
Finally, you've learned how to sort data and
the basics of using the powerful filter operation.
Now that you have control of that data,
it's time to do more to analyze your data.
In fact, you already started doing that in
the last exercise when you started answering questions about your data set.
More functions and tools are coming up next.